Project Name: Book-Tora
Team Number: 15
Project Manager: Devon D’Ambrosio
Mentor: Michael Welte
Team Members: India Rowe, Peyton Ware, Riya Vadadoria, Stefan Slaczka, Sean Stephens


-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
1.	Project Objective

Create an efficient and user-friend inventory management system for a local bookstore.

2.	Project Description

By pulling some inspiration from the Barnes and Noble inventory system, our team will create software named Book-Tora that will come equipped with uniquely organized databases to store and track all of the current products a store holds along with customer/publisher information and sales records. 
Book-Tora will also come with a simple user-friendly interface that will allow employees to search, log and update important information about the books a store holds in their inventory, their customers/publisher's information, and sales history.

3.	Project Scope
Due to the local bookstore being a small business at one location, there is no need for an online database at this time. The database will be stored on a local server and information can be retrieved and recorded without the need of an internet connection.

4.	Use Case and User Stories (Create at least 3 User Stories or Use Cases)

A bookstore employee should be able to log information about a book into their inventory system (such as title, author, ISBN, publisher, genre, price, etc.) under a menu item on the home screen (Book —> Adopt Book Info), so that the particular book can be searched easily for inventory management.

A bookstore employee should be able to search and filter the sales histories of specific book categories (title, genre, year released, author, etc.), so they can get sales information for that particular category.

A bookstore employee should be able to log information from a customer (such as name, date of birth, phone number, and email address) under a menu item on the home screen (Customers —> Adopt Customer Info), so that they can keep a record of past purchases and send out appropriate promotions when necessary.

A bookstore employee should be able to log information about publishers they use to purchase books from (such as name, address, contact, return policy, account number, etc.) under a menu item on the home screen (Publishers —> Adopt Publisher Info), so that when they search up that particular publisher all information needed is located on one page.


5.	Team Collaboration and Documentation Tools
Team Collaborations

· Communicate openly – using Microsoft Teams to communicate so we all know we are in the same path/ have the same idea of the project. Examples of Communicate openly meetings, taking in chat, and asking any questions if needed.

· Select the right tools – The most important thing is Select the right tools so the project can go smoothly as posable.

· Write comprehensive documentation – writing documentation so we can look back at the code and see why and how the code works.

· Provide fast feedback – So we can see each other’s code and have the ability for fixing bugs/ having questions on the code as fast as possible. Examples can include pair programing, code reviews before submission.

· Lead effectively – create a straightforward path so things can move smoothly. This is important because of roadblocks not everything goes smoothly so it is important to have a second path.

Documentation tools

· GitHub – For backing up files

· Visual studio – coding ide

· C++ -- transferring data/ foundation of software

· Microsoft Teams – for communicating

· Microsoft Azure – for cloud and run the server

· Documentation tool – Microsoft word

6.	Project Management Plan and Methodologies

Agile
Project management philosophy that acheives goals in smaller increments and time frames.
Allows to adopt to changing features and potential issues
Reduces time applied on projects and increases efficiency

Scrum
Implements Agile project management philosophy
Consitent meetings every week instead of everyday to create a weekly sprint of our duties. 
These meetings allow our team to be fully transparent of our progress and allows us to adapt to changes that may arise. 
Each member has a say in what they are able to do and feel open to share their opinion if a different direction is needed.
Suitable for the constant change in our project and lack of budget constraint
